https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-4890 OpenShift Platform Plus policy (#5034)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/supported_policies.adoc

|===
| Policy sample | Description

| Namespace policy
| Ensure consistent environment isolation and naming with Namespaces. See the Kubernetes
link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/[Namespace documentation].

| Pod policy
| Ensure cluster workload configuration. See the Kubernetes link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/[Pod documentation].

| Memory usage policy
| Limit workload resource usage using Limit Ranges. See the
link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/limit-range/[Limit Range documentation].

| Pod security policy (Deprecated)
| Ensure consistent workload security. See the Kubernetes
link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/pod-security-policy/[Pod security policy documentation].

| Role policy +
Role binding policy

> | Manage role permissions and bindings using Roles and Role Bindings. See the Kubernetes link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/[RBAC documentation].

Reviewer: Should Role and Role Bindings be capitalized?

Author: Great catch, no they shouldn't be

Author: updated

| Security content constraints (SCC) policy

> | Manage workload permissions with Security Context Constraints. See the Openshift link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.10/authentication/managing-security-context-constraints.html[Security Context Constraints documentation].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Manage workload permissions with Security Context Constraints. See link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.13/html/authentication_and_authorization/managing-pod-security-policies[Managing Security Context Constraints documentation] in the {ocp-short} documentation.
```

| ETCD encryption policy

> | Ensure data security with etcd encryption. See the Openshift link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.10/security/encrypting-etcd.html[etcd encryption documentation].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Ensure data security with etcd encryption. See link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.13/html/security_and_compliance/encrypting-etcd[Encrypting etcd data] in the {ocp-short} documentation.
```

| Compliance operator policy

> | Deploy the Compliance Operator to scan and enforce the compliance state of clusters leveraging OpenSCAP. See the Openshift link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/security/compliance_operator/compliance-operator-understanding.html[Compliance Operator documentation].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Deploy the Compliance Operator to scan and enforce the compliance state of clusters leveraging OpenSCAP. See link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.13/html/security_and_compliance/compliance-operator#understanding-compliance-operator[Understanding the Compliance Operator] in the {ocp-short} documentation.
```

| Compliance operator E8 scan

> | After applying the Compliance operator policy, deploy an Essential 8 (E8) scan to check for compliance with E8 security profiles. See the Openshift link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/security/compliance_operator/compliance-operator-understanding.html[Compliance Operator documentation].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| After applying the Compliance operator policy, deploy an Essential 8 (E8) scan to check for compliance with E8 security profiles. See link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.13/html/security_and_compliance/compliance-operator#understanding-compliance-operator[Understanding the Compliance Operator] in the {ocp-short} documentation.
```

| Compliance operator CIS scan

> | After applying the Compliance operator policy, deploy a Center for Internet Security (CIS) scan to check for compliance with CIS security profiles. See the Openshift link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/security/compliance_operator/compliance-operator-understanding.html[Compliance Operator documentation].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| After applying the Compliance operator policy, deploy a Center for Internet Security (CIS) scan to check for compliance with CIS security profiles. See link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.13/html/security_and_compliance/compliance-operator#understanding-compliance-operator[Understanding the Compliance Operator] in the {ocp-short} documentation.
```

| Image vulnerability policy

> | Deploy the Container Security Operator and detect known image vulnerabilities in pods running on the cluster. See the link:https://github.com/quay/container-security-operator#readme[Container Security Operator GitHub].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Deploy the Container Security Operator and detect known image vulnerabilities in pods running on the cluster. See the link:https://github.com/quay/container-security-operator#readme[Container Security Operator] GitHub repository.
```
